USF-3906  Add fieldIdPrefix prop support to the Addresses container (#824)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/user-account/containers/addresses.mdx

    options={[
        ['Options', 'Type', 'Req?', 'Description'],
        ['hideActionFormButtons', 'boolean', 'No', 'Controls the visibility of action buttons at the form\'s bottom. Useful for custom integrations where form submission is managed externally.'],

>         ['fieldIdPrefix', 'string', 'No', 'Prefix applied to every form field id rendered inside the container (for example, "shipping" produces ids like "shipping_firstname"). Use different values when rendering two Addresses instances on the same page, such as separate shipping and billing forms in checkout, to prevent duplicate HTML element ids.'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ['fieldIdPrefix', 'string', 'No', 'Prefixes every form field HTML `id` rendered inside the container. For example, `shipping` produces ids such as `shipping_firstname`. Use different values when you render two `Addresses` containers on the same page (such as shipping and billing forms in checkout) to prevent duplicate HTML element ids.'],
```
